Summer olympics 2028 FAQ

Q: What is summer olympics 2028?
A: The 2028 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXIV Olympiad, and commonly known as Los Angeles 2028 or LA28, is an upcoming international multi-sport event scheduled to take place from July 14–30, 2028, in and around Los Angeles, California, United States.

Q: How will los angeles benefit from the games?
A: The power of sport lies far beyond the field of play, and as the biggest stage in sports and human achievement, the Olympic and Paralympic Games offer a tremendous opportunity to catalyze lasting change.
With Los Angeles hosting the Olympics for the third time and the Paralympics for the first time in 2028, the Games will leverage the region’s existing infrastructure and the community’s rich history of sports and live entertainment to deliver the world’s first Games to build no new permanent venues – maintaining a focus on people first to create a lasting human legacy.
A: The LA28 Games will drive equitable access to youth sports, with LA28's $160 million investment in sports for kids across Los Angeles, the single largest investment in youth sports development in California. As Los Angeles hosts its first Paralympics, the Games can advance inclusion for people with disabilities.
A: The LA28 Games will also bring employment opportunities, economic benefit and pride to people across Los Angeles. To learn more, check out the LA28 working groups -- a network of local community leaders and subject matter experts who advise LA28 in developing its impact and sustainability programs, focusing on Community Business & Procurement, Local Hire & Workforce Development and Sustainability.

Q: What infrastructure is needed to host the games?
A: The LA28 Games are designed to fit the city as-is and will leverage the best of what Southern California already has to offer, utilizing LA's existing facilities and temporary venues.
A: As a global leader in sports, entertainment and technology, LA is built to host large-scale, sustainable, global events that benefit everyone and will be the first-ever Games to not build permanent infrastructure.
A: The current venue locations reflect the original Bid Plan from 2017. Stay tuned for updates on LA28's updated venue plan, including sport-specific changes.

Q: Where will athletes stay for the la28 games?
A: The Athlete Village will be located at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).

Q: What are la28's social guidelines?
A: LA28 believes social media is a form of communication that displays varied opinions and diverse perspectives from fans globally.
A: We highly encourage fans to follow and engage with LA28's social media channels. We reserve the right to request to remove, ignore, block, delete, or report any content that is discriminatory or defaming to athletes, staff, the Movement or partners. We also reserve the right to request removal of any non-licensed usage of LA28 and the Olympic and Paralympic family's branding and logos.